Okay, we've walked through
some of the concepts and
we told you we would walk you through
the code to hide one image in another.
We've started here with the clear bits
function which we'd seen before in
a previous video which just takes
the Math.floor of the color
value divided by 16 and multiplies
it by 16 to clear out the lower bit.
We've previously talked about
the chop2hide function, and
we've written down here the steps for
the algorithm for
that and
we're just going to turn those into code.
So we need for(var px of Image.values),
that's how you've seen to iterate
over the pixels in an image before.
And we want to clear the low bits of
the red, so px.setRed to (clearbits),
this is the function we wrote to
do the math for us of (px.getRed).
So we want to take the current red value
call clear bits to zero
out the lower bits.
And then set the red to that new value.
We can do the same thing for the green.
And the blue.
And then when we're finished, our image
that we've been modifying is the answer to
our whole function, that's what we're we
want to give back to whoever called us.
Now, I've got some placeholders for
the other functions we're going
to write here in a second.
And, at the bottom here,
I've got this algorithm that we saw as our
high level algorithm where we combine
chop to hide, shift and combined.
So at this point,
these two functions don't do anything so
printing our overall answer is
not going to do us much good.
I'm going to comment these lines out.
And instead,
I'm just going to print start so
that we can make sure that works pretty
well before we do anything else.
So if I run this code, I'm working
with our picture of Ussain Bolt,
I get something that looks pretty
similar as with the previous videos.
You can notice that the background
colors have changed just a little
because I've been modifying
these color values.
Great, now let's go work on shift.
So remember, this is where we're going to
take those most significant bits, and move
them over to the least significant bit
position for the image we want to hide.
So our algorithm is going to call for us
to iterate over each Pixel in the image.
And what we want to do here is
to shift over the red bits.
So we want to px.setred.
And remember we can do
this by dividing by 16.
(Px.get Red / 16) because 16 is 2 to
the 4th power that would move everything
over four binary digits or bits.
Now, we want the px.setGreen
to (px.getGreen () /16).
And similarly,
px.setBlue(px.getBlue() /16).
And again we've written
this little bit of code,
we'd like to make sure that it works, or
at least look like it
works before we move on.
We're not testing very
thoroughly in this video,
we're going to encourage you to do more
extensive testing of your own code.
So what if we now hide and
we print out hide?
Oops, we left off, if we go back up here,
we got sort of a weird error message,
cannot read property
'getString' of undefined.
What is that mean?
Well something was undefined
that's generally a bad thing.
If I go back and look at this,
I forgot to return my answer, ops.
And now we get an image
that is mostly black.
If you remember from before
that's what we want.
We had hidden all of this
information with significant bits.
We can't really see it.
Even though we just fixed
one little compiler error,
it was really good that we got that
fixed before we had a big mess of code
where it might have been
harder to find that problem.
Finally, we need this combine function.
We want to make a new image,
we're going to call it answer.
It's going to be a new simple
image of the same size, so
we want show.getWidth and show.getHeight.
Show is one of the parameters to combine
the image we want to show up and
hide is the other image
which we want to hide.
We're going to assume they're
the same size right now.
That's not very robust.
You'll write some code to crop
the images to be of the same size,
then you can work with any images and for
each pixel in answer.values, we want
to get the x and y of that pixel so
var x = px.get x(), you should be
pretty familiar with that by now,
and var y = px.get y(),
again, a familiar thing.
We want to get the same pixel,
showPixel we'll call it,
from the show image .getPixel with x,y.
And we want the same
hidePixel hide.getPixel.
The same pixel from the hide image,
and now we want to set px as red
to the sum of showPixels
red plus a hidePixels red.
Remember, that's going to
combine the two together.
One of them is going to have the most
significant four bit set and
the other's zero.
The other's going to have the least
significant four bit set, and the other 0,
so when they get added together
we'll get a whole eight bit number.
And then we're going to
do the same thing for
green and for blue.
And after doing that for each pixel, our
answer is going to be the image answer.
So now I'm going to come down here.
I'm going to uncomment
these last two lines.
Get rid of the extra one I wrote.
Now we get this image of Hussein Bolt
that looks like what we expected.
Are we sure it's right?
Not really,
we'd want to investigate a little more.
We could have just messed up and
returned our start image somewhere or
something like that.
We're not going to test terrible
rigorously in this video.
So that would take more time,
we'd leave that up to you.
So with that, I'll leave you with
one final important question.
What would happen if we hid an image of
a stegosaurus inside of another image?
It would be stegasaurusonography.